supercarcere of the spice important testimony and here just for r
witness this bridge between lime and you as I saw it
mario i'm living well because thanks to the direction of the spice kick
Operative heroes who
I gave myself the opportunity to take this soccer school course
and above all them
sclera
mauro bravo piero alberici
I'm allowed here
to talk to boy
and to speak first extras
because it would also now be in a cell
e4 made alallero per day is not easy
more with overcrowding and everything
it's difficult
we are many uncertain
ver there are not
many problems both economic and
temperamentally too many Italian immigrants mixed up there are like-minded
motorcycle that if nothing else
so much text together there is always confusion
instead it was
pea mauro bravo and piero alberi they succeeded with their course to put 25
heads
of any nationality
and let us follow the rules for the first time
playing soccer for the first time that was not easy
we are people who have followed the rules we say
and they have succeeded, I have even had fun
nice extra torrent
3 I had to make a first-person appeal
to the state anyone what can I do to improve the lives of prisoners
good question could do so many things
meanwhile many things
many prisoners work at low salaries
lower salaries
I have to say thank you really
then the director bg
I have known a very person for a very long time
and help to prisoners
for done. at the prison having these courses makes us follow these courses
to politics especially now that we talk about justice
I would like to say or to open new prisons to raise overcrowding
I would say an amnesty
to get us all off
because many prisoners are in jail that they are
excuse the word sorry for the show of the unfortunates
sumo lake are not criminals on the wall
little things miller
and they shouldn't even star
they are people who
I have lived two
two prison moments from the 90s now
now there's just a bit of despair in the prison
furtarello script of the cooperative
euro take two years for a theft to have it so
so there are twenty on the crowd
I would say
also for magistrates
to evaluate the various crimes
because they are the football of you fill up safe
just flock for nothing and to say the state of
of salary to send funds for the prison
to give more salary
weapons to prisoners who work in it
because there are many economic problems, not all prisoners do the interviews
and many inmates and for this reason also who they are
konoha bad humor in the cell because maybe there's no food
to see what he eats he arrives at the talk there is packages bye love hello
the daughter
then the bad moods grow
and chris cole problems
you heard about suicides and suicide attempts and text
if you decide to reno
not seen many
however also
eheheh lately
we screamed from the cell peru guys from outside the EU to let the kids go
agents that you
is climbing
to lift it sure the various the neck rope
all these are problems
unexpected maybe the day before they laugh and joke then suddenly or
during the night I don't know they have their thoughts and their problems get up
in the morning they get suicidal
that's why there are too many problems in prison
and they are people who should not be in prison
it would be better to make the law as we spoke now I don't know if it exists ono
propose people should not even in between football and maybe we should go
directly in the community
and I really want to die out of prison
because I really am
to say
I'm ashamed of being in jail
what a shame for how things are working
once nights I don't want now
tap speeches
prison
but sometimes jails
- made by criminals, let's say now about facts to despair
from people who should never have thought about site employees who steal like I have you
said first a cheese a ham a cone
and I take 1 2 3 years from uncensored do not come out of the possibility and these
detainees
then they come out angry
they come out even more angry
and then they no longer know how to do it because I have left prison many times
however it is not easy to find a job, I have brought many job questions but you
ask for precedents not to notice you find black baldini even a little
tapped
it's not easy
I can afford because they took you
but now for now
uploaded for a signature
they stopped me for now for drugs
we say by smuggling or there was nothing concrete about the first few precedents
according to them, who knows what
from a simple movie taken 4 years
from the simple film oko really took 4 years
but the 3-year pardon of the first offense arrived
but the revocation of the conditional of 18 years ago arrived
goodbye bucchi esto kindly to the judge
since
it is not easy now to say it here in front of the toro television
it will be because sometimes it seems that we are on their side are on the other
judges part
but I have many power prisoners
they say they are innocent "they are innocent" so many say and then
they did it offense I've never been in a bill center ato
but it has always been enlarged even more
I always brought my own
but no one committed it a judge has ever wanted what dates of evidence
to say
go and see the cameras if at that time
when I said of the carabinieri carola I was really the
it says with accused of state that the camera has to say that I was sure of myself
not only but go and see and so it happens to many other prisoners
mint
many magistrates do not rely on what winter says
the inmate let's say what goes on trial
they are based only a little on the previous ones
I have only on the report of the carabinieri
the carabinieri are the state
however, the good and the bad exist from all sides we are appreciating people
human
and you have to understand it